Doc: Add instruction to access service from host to crc instance (#4404)
code-ready/crc: docs/modules/getting_started/partials/proc_connecting-to-host.adoc

> = Access services from host to {prod}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Accessing services from host to {prod}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run services on your host, you can configure {prod} to access these services.

```

> [NOTE]
> ====
> **Perform this procedure when using user mode network which is default for Mac/Windows.**
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Prerequisites
* You are using the user mode network. On {mac} and {msw} this is the default behavior.
====
```

> If you have a service which is running on the host and want to consume it with {prod}

Reviewer: Consider moving this intro sentence above the prerequisites.

Reviewer: Or it is a prerequisite :)
```suggestion
* You have a service running on your host and want to consume it with {prod}.
```

> . Ensure that you have enabled the proper config value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable accessing services from host to {prod}:
```

+
----

> $ crc config set network-mode user

Reviewer: This line is conflicting with the previous statement that you already have set user mode network. Remove either the previous statement, or this one.

```suggestion
```

> $ crc config set host-network-access true

Reviewer 2: maybe explain the default mode or default config or how to check / verify it'll work

----

. If {prod} instance is already running then restart it (stop => start), otherwise just start it.
+
----
$ crc stop && crc start
----

> . Assume your service is running on port `8080` on the host then to consume it to {prod} instance
> using `*host.crc.testing:8080*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Assuming your service is running on the host on port `8080`, to access it from the {prod} instance, use `host.crc.testing:8080`
```

> = Accessing services from host to {prod}

Reviewer: This might bring more clarity:

```suggestion
= Accessing host services from {prod}
```

Reviewer: Or

```suggestion
= Accessing services running on your host from {prod}
```

When you run services on your host, you can configure {prod} to access these services.

.Prerequisites

> * You have a service which is running on your host and want to consume it with {prod}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have a service which is running on your host and want to consume it with {prod}.
```

* Perform this procedure when using user mode network which is default for Mac/Windows.

.Procedure
. Enable accessing services from host to {prod}:
+
----
$ crc config set host-network-access true
----

> . Check {prod} config to make sure correct network-mode and host-network-access are set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the {prod} configuration uses user network mode and enables host network access:
```

+
----
$ crc config view
[...]
- network-mode                          : user
- host-network-access                   : true
[...]
----

. If {prod} instance is already running then restart it (stop => start), otherwise just start it.
+
----
$ crc stop && crc start
----

> . Assuming your service is running on the host on port `8080`, to access
> it from the {prod} instance, use `host.crc.testing:8080`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Verification
. Access the service running on your host from {prod}.
Assuming your service is running on the host on port `8080`, to access it from the {prod} instance, use `host.crc.testing:8080`.
```

Author: @themr0c do we really need `Access the service running on your host from {prod}.` part as verification (looks repetitive) ?

Reviewer: You are right.
